Adds documentation for tiered caching stats API (#7158)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/nodes-apis/nodes-stats.md

```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> You can also use specific `index_metric` values for the `caches` metric to specify which caches to return statistics for. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use specific `index_metric` values in the `caches` metric to specify which caches to return statistics.
```

Author: ```suggestion
You can also use specific `index_metric` values in the `caches` metric to specify which caches will return statistics. 
```
@Naarcha-AWS thoughts on changing it to above?

Reviewer: This works for me.

> The following index metrics are supported: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following index metrics are supported: 

```

- request_cache

> For example, the following query requests statistics for `request_cache`: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following query requests statistics for the `request_cache`: 

```

fielddata_fields | String | The fields to include in fielddata statistics. Supports comma-separated lists and wildcard expressions. 
fields | String | The fields to include. Supports comma-separated lists and wildcard expressions. 
groups | String | A comma-separated list of search groups to include in the search statistics. 

> level | String | Specifies whether statistics for the `indices` metric are aggregated at the cluster, index, or shard level. Valid values are `indices`, `node`, and `shard`. When used for the `caches` metric, `indices`, `shard`, and `tier` are valid. `tier` will be ignored if the [tiered spillover cache]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/caching/tiered-cache/) is not in use. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
level | String | Specifies whether statistics for the `indices` metric are aggregated at the cluster-, index-, or shard-level. Valid values are `indices`, `node`, and `shard`. When used for the `caches` metric, `indices`, `shard`, and `tier` are valid. The `tier` value is ignored if the [tiered spillover cache]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/caching/tiered-cache/) is not in use. 
```

fielddata_fields | String | The fields to include in fielddata statistics. Supports comma-separated lists and wildcard expressions. 
fields | String | The fields to include. Supports comma-separated lists and wildcard expressions. 
groups | String | A comma-separated list of search groups to include in the search statistics. 

> level | String | Specifies whether statistics for the `indices` metric are aggregated at the cluster-, index-, or shard-level. Valid values are `indices`, `node`, and `shard`. When used for the `caches` metric, `indices`, `shard`, and `tier` are valid. The `tier` value is ignored if the [tiered spillover cache]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/caching/tiered-cache/) is not in use. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
level | String | Specifies whether statistics for the `indices` metric are aggregated at the cluster, index, or shard level. Valid values are `indices`, `node`, and `shard`. When used for the `caches` metric, `indices`, `shard`, and `tier` are valid. The `tier` value is ignored if the [tiered spillover cache]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/caching/tiered-cache/) is not in use. 
```

admission_control.global_io_usage.transport.rejection_count.search | Integer | The total number of search rejections in the transport layer when the node IO usage limit was met. Any additional search requests are rejected until the system recovers. The CPU usage limit is configured in the `admission_control.search.io_usage.limit` setting (Linux only).
admission_control.global_io_usage.transport.rejection_count.indexing | Integer | The total number of indexing rejections in the transport layer when the node IO usage limit was met. Any additional indexing requests are rejected until the system recovers. The IO usage limit is configured in the `admission_control.indexing.io_usage.limit` setting (Linux only).

### `caches`

> Because this API supports the experimental [tiered caching feature]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/caching/tiered-cache/), its responses may change. If the tiered caching feature flag is not enabled, it will return 0 for all values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because this API supports the experimental [tiered caching feature]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/caching/tiered-cache/), the responses found in this section may change. If the tiered caching feature flag is not enabled, the API will return `0` for all values.
```

{: .warning}

> The `caches` object contains cache stats. Currently its only sub-metric is `request_cache`. The total values within each sub-metric are always returned regardless of the value of the query parameter `level`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `caches` object contains cache statisctics, such as the `request_cache` statistics. The total values within each sub-metric are always returned regardless of the value of the query parameter `level`. 
```

Author: ```suggestion
The `caches` object contains cache statistics, such as the `request_cache` statistics. The total values within each sub-metric are always returned regardless of the value of the query parameter `level`. 
```
^ same as above, but removing typo

Field | Field type | Description
:--- | :--- | :---
request_cache | Object | Statistics for the request cache. 
request_cache.size_in_bytes | Integer | The total size in bytes of the request cache. 
request_cache.evictions | Integer | The total evictions from the request cache. 
request_cache.hit_count | Integer | The total hit count for the request cache.
request_cache.miss_count | Integer | The total miss count for the request cache.
request_cache.item_count | Integer | The total number of items in the request cache.
request_cache.store_name | String | The name of the store type used by the request cache. See [tiered cache]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/caching/tiered-cache/) for more information. 

If the `level` query parameter is set to one of its valid values `indices`, `shard`, or `tier`, additional fields will be present in `caches.request_cache` which break down the values by these levels. 

> For example if `level=indices,tier`, the tiered cache is in use, and the node has indexes named `index0` and `index1`, we also have the same 5 metrics for each combination of level values: 

Reviewer: What is the "we" in this context? In other words, what will have the same 5 metrics? 

```suggestion
For example if `level=indices,tier`, the tiered cache is in use, and the node has indexes named `index0` and `index1`, the `caches` object will contain same 5 metrics for each combination of level values: 
```

admission_control.global_io_usage.transport.rejection_count.search | Integer | The total number of search rejections in the transport layer when the node IO usage limit was met. Any additional search requests are rejected until the system recovers. The CPU usage limit is configured in the `admission_control.search.io_usage.limit` setting (Linux only).
admission_control.global_io_usage.transport.rejection_count.indexing | Integer | The total number of indexing rejections in the transport layer when the node IO usage limit was met. Any additional indexing requests are rejected until the system recovers. The IO usage limit is configured in the `admission_control.indexing.io_usage.limit` setting (Linux only).

### `caches`

Because this API supports the experimental [tiered caching feature]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/caching/tiered-cache/), the responses found in this section may change. If the tiered caching feature flag is not enabled, the API will return `0` for all values.
{: .warning}

> The `caches` object contains cache statistics, such as the `request_cache` statistics. The total values within each sub-metric are always returned regardless of the value of the query parameter `level`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `caches` object contains cache statistics, such as the `request_cache` statistics. The total values within each sub-metric are always returned, regardless of the value of the query parameter `level`. 
```

Field | Field type | Description
:--- | :--- | :---
request_cache | Object | Statistics for the request cache. 

> request_cache.size_in_bytes | Integer | The total size in bytes of the request cache. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
request_cache.size_in_bytes | Integer | The total size, in bytes, of the request cache. 
```

> request_cache.evictions | Integer | The total evictions from the request cache. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
request_cache.evictions | Integer | The total number of evictions from the request cache. 
```

request_cache.hit_count | Integer | The total hit count for the request cache.
request_cache.miss_count | Integer | The total miss count for the request cache.
request_cache.item_count | Integer | The total number of items in the request cache.
request_cache.store_name | String | The name of the store type used by the request cache. See [tiered cache]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/caching/tiered-cache/) for more information. 

> If the `level` query parameter is set to one of its valid values `indices`, `shard`, or `tier`, additional fields will be present in `caches.request_cache` which break down the values by these levels. 

Reviewer: Categorized?

> If the `level` query parameter is set to one of its valid values `indices`, `shard`, or `tier`, additional fields will be present in `caches.request_cache` which break down the values by these levels. 

Reviewer: That categorize? @peteralfonsi, any thoughts on your end?

> If the `level` query parameter is set to one of its valid values `indices`, `shard`, or `tier`, additional fields will be present in `caches.request_cache` which break down the values by these levels. 

Reviewer 2: I like categorize 😄

> If the `level` query parameter is set to one of its valid values `indices`, `shard`, or `tier`, additional fields will be present in `caches.request_cache` which break down the values by these levels. 

Author: Categorize works for me, will change that

For example if `level=indices,tier`, the tiered cache is in use, and the node has indexes named `index0` and `index1`, the `caches` object will contain same 5 metrics for each combination of level values: 

Field | Field type | Description
:--- | :--- | :---
request_cache.indices.index0.tier.on_heap | Object | Contains the 5 metrics for `index0` on the heap tier. 

> request_cache.indices.index0.tier.disk | Object | Contains the 5 metrics for `index0` on the disk tier. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
request_cache.indices.index0.tier.disk | Object | Contains the five metrics for `index0` on the disk tier. 
```

> request_cache.indices.index1.tier.on_heap | Object | Contains the 5 metrics for `index1` on the heap tier. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
request_cache.indices.index1.tier.on_heap | Object | Contains the five metrics for `index1` on the heap tier. 
```

> request_cache.indices.index1.tier.disk | Object | Contains the 5 metrics for `index1` on the disk tier. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
request_cache.indices.index1.tier.disk | Object | Contains the five metrics for `index1` on the disk tier. 
```
